right now it's August 31st and I'm
sitting outside work my hands are
shaking because I'm waiting to tell
Jason that were pregnant
he thinks I'm coming to have lunch with
him he has no idea so I'm gonna set up
the camera and wait for him to come out
I don't know how long it'll be but I'm
about to tell him that we're gonna have
baby or babies multiple
dirty
you took it already
are you kidding when did you take it
seriously
what does that mean you are yeah
inches early and I took it hey Peyton
yeah like if you take it tomorrow in the
morning it should be strong I'm never in
five years I've never had any sort of
life
this is it true like like how do I know
this is true
it's true I'm nervous is not true did
you believe inside
so is like let's say we're gonna have
triplets
should this be really strong I mean
you're color blind and you can see that
line right I can see it it's not like I
mean there would be no reason that would
show up at all right
like no spike in food or I think if you
took in the afternoon no I think the
fact that I took it in the afternoon and
them still four days early and there's
any sort of line is like super
encouraging
what happened when you did it like ran
to get my keys and I like just ran back
out the door carrying this in my hand in
the sidewalk to the car just trying to
get to the car to come for you so you
went to Target and then came home and
decided to take it I had it all this
morning I went before him it was the
girls and we had it with me all day and
I was like I'm gonna wait I'm gonna wait
and then I'm just like no pads